Using the phases that have been explained in this checkpoint, self-assess your strengths and weaknesses in each area of the Design Process. Rank your experience as being low, medium or high in each phase.

Discovery phase - medium
Strengths: I do this process currently in my career. We always have to go to a team of experts to get accurate information when completing projects and know exactly what our goals and objectives are. 
Weaknesses: I have only done a little work related to UX Design, so have a lot to learn on the technical side. 

Strategy phase - medium
Strengths: The current job role I am in gives me a lot of opportunity to develop my own strategies. The job is new and innovative and doesn't have a strictly defined process. On our team, we are encouraged to create new strategies and push the boundaries of what we do. I also love the art of research which has become one of my biggest strengths in my role at work. 
Weaknesses: In depth analysis of this field will be a challenge to learn.

Information Architecture phase - medium
Strengths: I have a lot of experience with story boards and structuring of information. I have taken about a dozen creative writing classes in my spare time and have learned a solid process of how to blend research and art into a solid, comprehensible story. This process goes hand in hand with information architecutre, how to take pieces of information and work them into a design which can be easily comprehended by anyone. 
Weaknesses:The process of wireframing and usability tests are new to me and will likely be the most challenging to learn. 

Visual Design phase - medium
Strengths: I currently do some visual design work with the Online Engagement team at my job. Becasue I have expressed interest in learning what they do, they have given me some tasks to do to learn and visually design pages for our Direct Sales side of the business. I also have a creative streak and love to create art in a variety of forms so I know I have an eye for it. 
Weaknesses: Patience of learning the skill of how to design using this medium. Sometimes I know exactly what I want and desire a quick result, so I just need to have patience that the process will take time. 

Development phase - Low
Strengths: Highly interested to learn how to code for HTML, JavaScript, and CSS. 
Weaknesses: I dont have any experience coding so this will liekly be the most challenging process for me. 

Launch phase - medium
Strengths: Im my current job role, we are consistently trying out new ideas. I work in the Satellite television industry which is constantly changing and adapting to the changing environment. I have the opportunity to launch all kinds of ideas and projects to see the successes and opportunities of each. 
Weaknesses: The analytics and testing of this type of work will be a change from what I am used to so there will likely be a massive learning curve with this new field. 
